6/3 Tutorial. Formed group brainstormed some ideas. Started a Discord channel for further communication.
Named group Team Gaslight.

13/3 Tutorial. Present Ben, Basillus, Jacob, Mitch, Hugo(phone).
Decided that we would do a simple banking app with the potential add-on of an investing platform.

18/3 Meeting 1hour. Present Ben, Basillus, Bobby, Dylan, Hugo, Jacob

After the project theme "Living, working, growing with AI" was released we decided that the existing project wasnt going to be sufficient to meet the criteria.
We held a Discord call to decide on a new project idea. These were the suggestions.

Investment app- gives you investment advice
Bibliography/referencing helper- goes through articles to help you find reference material
Study helper- like in the example
Chef-like in the examples
Project manager-
Poker trainer- Helps you learn poker
PC helper- accesses screen and helps with problems you are having
Restaurant inventory management
Restaurant booking and management software.

20/3 Tutorial Meeting
All members present. Jacob brought in a MCDMM sheet to help us decide what the new project should be going forward.
We had some debate over the the logistics and feasibility of some of the ideas.

23/3 Drew up some simple user stories for the app. Hugo has made the repository on Github

2/4 Meeting about Game-Logic branch
Hugo and Jacob had a talk about the game logic structure, explained design choices and went over the process of merging respective branches into master. Set a goal for everyone to have their work ready for merging by the next meeting some time after Easter break.


7/4 General progress meeting
Present- everyone
Talked about progress
Mitch- Started watching tutorials and testing API calls with open source models.
Ben- Implemented database, was waiting on gamelogic and AI branches to be ready,
Basilis- Done other assignments
Hugo- Merged game logic branch into master with observer class, waiting on Database connection and
Jacob- Finished Hand evaluation and round evaluation logic. Merged into master branch for others to use. Started working on art/animations branch
Bobby- Working on AI coaching with Gemini, needs to implement handcards, boardcards, stage and mode.

Outcome - Mitch and Bobby to work together on integrating AI models
	- Hugo and Ben work on merging database into master branch and setting up calls to DB
	- Dylan and Jacob work on UI
	- Aim is to have more substantial progress by Friday (10/4)

Meeting 12/4
Present Basilis, Ben, Bobby, Dylan, Jacob
Discussed progress
Basilis done register controller, working on login controller, almost done with login page
Ben Got the database working, has logic to save hands, wins, money, users. Waiting other parts completion.
Problems with imports
Bobby AI coaching almost done
Jacob- Finished Art for cards, deck, table, card backs. Started on UI for game table.
Dylan, done low fidelity UI sketches


To do
Basilis finishing login controllers and Page UI
Dylan setting up notion management tool
Jacob Continue on Game UI
Bobby finish coaching branch
Ben Troubleshoot imports

Meeting 26/4/26
Present Basilis, Ben, Bobby, Jacob, Mitch

Progress is good heading into week 9 checkpoint. We have a working database, game UI, Login page, game logic and AI coaching and are making good progress on the UI. We will continue to work on integrating each new component. We will also start writing tests to ensure reliability and maintainability.

Ben-
Finished main structure of database system, awaiting further developments in features to continue implementing more functions. Will discuss with Hugo further.
Basilis-
Added a bunch of validation for username, email and password. I fixed the registercontroller initializing the database everytime. Also added checking for Existing Users in case someone tries to input a username that's already existing in the database.
Mitchel
Add AI features that can both take actions and react to changes with different personalities and integrate with the UI to print response and action.
Bobby-
Finished AI Coaching. It can be run in game.
Jacob-
Got the game working, integrated the game UI with game logic and fixed many bugs. To do: add more UI elements to the game window and write tests for HandEvaluation and PokerGameUI classes.

To complete by checkpoint: User stories, Test cases for all sections, AI behaviour.
Next meeting Wednesday after lecture.

